Daniel Correia
30 Lamont Creek Drive
Wasaga Beach, Ontario
L9Z 1J9

Dear Recruiting Manager,
Hello!
In response to the position of Software Developer, kindly ﬁnd my resume
attached.
I have about 5 years of experience founding and managing an electronics
company, performing and documenting associated research, and managing a data collection system, along with a B.Sc. in Science.
Several reports detailing personal and company projects are linked in the
body of the resume.
Thanks for your time!

Hi, I’m Daniel.
Science rules!
Daniel Correia

| github.com/0xDBFB7 | therobotist+resume@gmail.com | @0xDBFB7 | 1-705-606-8866

Education:
B.Sc. in Science from York University, with some
focus on Physics. Graduated January 2021 with
B+ GPA.

SafeSump Inc.

R&D in vacuum systems
A multi-year attempt to develop a high-current ion beam
lithography system, involving vacuum chamber design
and fabrication and several custom GPU-accelerated
simulation tools written in CUDA/C++.
This codebase can be inspected at
github.com/0xDBFB7/ionprinter/

Founder/CTO of four-year project to design and produce a failure-resistant water pump system. Funded by
a $37,500 Ontario Centres of Excellence grant (2017- Some notes and experiments on the electroperme2020) followed by a $75,000 government contract (2018- abilization of viral membranes
2020).
Working paper at doi:10.5281/zenodo.4568507
Broad overview of skills gained:
• Electronics: Hardware development from inhouse prototyping to volume production; design
of ultrasonic and capacitive sensors
• Software and ﬁrmware: Writing and maintaining
a 20k SLOC codebase of Python and embedded C
and C++ on STM32 and SAM devices. Version control, frontend and backend programming; Linux
administration.
• Soft skills: Pair programming, management, collaboration

0.1

Personal research projects

Musings on an inexpensive 1500°C silicon carbide furnace
An attempt to make various high-performance ceramic
techniques available to a broader audience.
Built on the work of more than 200 scientiﬁc papers.
A short report on some parts can be found at
0xdbfb7.com/furnace.html.

0.2

Broad overview of skills gained from
these projects
• Documentation: LaTeX, Jupyter notebooks, Reference management
• Software: Data analysis and automation; Python,
C++, Mathematica, with a smattering of Julia and
MATLAB.
• Simulation: Several dozen toolchains were in use,
ranging from modiﬁed open-source electromagnetic simulation systems to molecular dynamics
with GROMACS.
• Electronics: Microwave electronics design, PCB
design with KiCAD
• Fabrication: Electronics prototyping, CNC mill and
lathe operation, micromachining, microﬂuidics

Personal:
Member of SimCoLab hackerspace for 7 years.
Canadian and German citizenship.

1

Gallery

(a)

(b)

Bespoke high vacuum system. GPU-accelerated multigrid data structure and electrostatics solver for
particle-in-cell ion beam simulation.

(c)

(d)

Redundant controller with a 120 Mhz Atmel ARM processor, running ~10k lines of ﬁrmware.

(e)

(g)

(f)

(h)

(a) A sub-nanosecond kilovolt pulse exposure cell (based on an off-the-shelf avalanche transistor pulser
design).
(b) A 12 GHz microwave absorption spectrometer.
(c) The very pretty opalescent blue culture caused by E. coli B trying to metabolize lactose in an indicator
for the enzyme β-galactosidase.
(d) An FDTD simulation of electromagnetic interaction with tissue.

